Remove token from GetAccessTokenRequest (#16)
metal-toolbox/iam-runtime: spec.md

```

`GetAccessToken` is an OPTIONAL operation which requests a new access token from the runtime.

> If the runtime implementation produces an error, runtime implementations MUST respond with gRPC status 13 (INTERNAL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication of the client is the responsibility of the runtime implementation. In the event of an error, runtime implementations MUST respond with gRPC status 13 (INTERNAL).
```
